Added support to Ebay identities (#603)
aspnet-contrib/AspNet.Security.OAuth.Providers: docs/ebay.md

> # Integrating the Ebay Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Integrating the eBay Provider
```

## Example

```csharp
services.AddAuthentication(options => /* Auth configuration */)
        .AddEbay(options =>
        {
            options.ClientId = "my-client-id";
            options.ClientSecret = "my-client-secret";
            options.RedirectUrl = "my-redirect-uri";
        });
```

## Required Additional Settings

| Property Name | Property Type | Description                                                  | Default Value |
| :------------ | :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :------------ |

> | `RedirectUrl` | `string?`     | Sets the _redirect_uri_ parameter that the service uses for authorization, as well as a URL to redirect the user to after they've complete the permissions grant request. Instead of a URL, the eBay services require a custom *RuName* value that eBay generates and assigns to your application. For further info see also the offical [documentation](https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/static/oauth-redirect-uri.html). | `default!`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RedirectUrl` | `string?`     | Sets the `redirect_uri` parameter that the service uses for authorization, as well as a URL to redirect the user to after they've completed the permissions grant request. Instead of a URL, the eBay services require a custom *RuName* value that eBay generates and assigns to your application. For further info see also the official [documentation](https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/static/oauth-redirect-uri.html). | `default!` |
```
